
Framework? 
    A framework is a comphrensive library built to make coding complex applications easier. 
    Allows you to do VERY complex things with smaller lines of code. 

Framework and library? 
    YOUR code will utilise library functionality to help it along. 
    A framework will use your code like a library to funetune its functionality. 

Setting up Angular 

Install Node.js - give you access to node (a runtime environemtn for Angular projects) and npm (node package manager) that allows to 
    install the appropriate packages/dependencies.

Check everything is installed by:
    node -v
    npm -v

We use npm, to install an Angular CLI (commmand line interface) - ng is short for angular 

Once AngularCLI is installed we create a project using:
    ng new <project-name>


Important files and directory:

e2e : directory that contains end-to-end tests which developers can use to test the user interface. These tests rely on a Javascript 
        testing framework known as "Protactor" 

src: This contains the source code for our Angular project. 

angular.json : File that contains project configuration information. It details the vversion of the project, the location of serveral
    key configuration files and information  about how the developer wishes to  handler the project files in development and production. 

package.json : Is not specific to Angular, for any project developed in a Node environment. 
package-lock.json: like the package file, also used in Node eneviornments for dependecy management. It differes by being more specific, 
                    by describe the exact dependency tree and build version. 

node-modules: this diectory contains all the dpendencies the develop is using in th environment. 



Once a project has been created

navigate to inside of the project space

execute ng serve (by default run the proejct on localhost:4200)
        ng serve -o 
        ng serve --port 8000 (localhost:8000)
        ng serve -o --port 8000



Component is the building block of your page , components can be nested and they define what will be potrayed to the end user.
    ng g c "componet name" ==> creating new Component

    ng g p "foldername/filename" ==> creating new pipe 

What does a componet consist of ? 
                .html 
                .ts 
                .css
                .spec.ts //unit testing 